This is Mark and Samantha, a couple who share some of the difficulties they face in spending time together.
Mark and Samantha's Dad- How do we spend Friday and Saturday nights?
Mark- Oh, what? That's my favourite day.
Kirsty- Do you get to meet up on a Friday night or Saturday night?
Mark- Well, I can do Friday nights. Friday night, I go to the food shop and my nights.
Saturday.
Mark- Is that a week?
Kirsty- Saturday, I want to read my web. So, I will read my web on Saturday night, not Friday night.
Samantha- So, you'd like to see...
Kirsty- I read my web on Saturday night. I love it.
Samantha- And do you meet up on a Saturday night?
Kirsty- No.
Samantha- And why don't you meet up on a Saturday night?
Kirsty- I'm allowed to see him, so I'm busy.
Samantha- You're not allowed to see him?
Kirsty- No.
Samantha- Because why?
Kirsty- I don't know.
Samantha- Because the staff say no?
Kirsty- No.
And why do the staff say no?
Samantha- Because there's no staff on.
Kirsty- There's no staff on.
Okay. And how does that make you feel?
Samantha- Unhappy.